Docs: Update backend architecture contributor documentation (#51172)
grafana/grafana: contribute/architecture/backend/package-hierarchy.md

package and this structure logically moves it to be per type or function
declaration).

Large packages may need utilize multiple sub-packages at the discretion
of the implementor. Keep interfaces and domain types to the root
package.

### Try to name sub-packages for project wide uniqueness

Prefix sub-packages with the service name or an abbreviation of the
service name (whichever is more appropriate) to provide an ideally
unique package name. This allows `teaimpl` to be distinguished from
`coffeeimpl` without the need for package aliases, and encourages the
use of the same name to reference your package throughout the codebase.

### A well-behaving service provides test doubles for itself

Other services may depend on your service, and it's good practice to
provide means for those services to set up a test instance of the
dependency as needed. Refer to
[Google Testing's Testing on the Toilet: Know Your Test Doubles](https://testing.googleblog.com/2013/07/testing-on-toilet-know-your-test-doubles.html) for a brief
explanation of how we semantically aim to differentiate fakes, mocks,
and stubs within our codebase.

Place test doubles in a sub-package to your root package named

> `servicetest` or `svctest`, such that the `teapot` service may have the

Reviewer: I think it's clearer like this:
```suggestion
`<servicename>test` or `<service-abbreviation>test`, such that the `teapot` service may have the
```

provide an in-memory backed test fake that can be used like the
regular service without the need of complicated setup.

### Separate store and logic

When building a new service, data validation, manipulation, scheduled
events and so forth should be collected in a service implementation that
is built to be agnostic about its store.

The storage should be an interface that is not directly called from
outside the service and should be kept to a minimum complexity to
provide the functionality necessary for the service.

A litmus test to reduce the complexity of the storage interface is
whether an in-memory implementation is a feasible test double to build
to test the service.

### Outside the service root

Some parts of the service definition remains outside the
service directory and reflects the legacy package hierarchy.
As of June 2022, the parts that remain outside the service are:

#### Migrations

`pkg/services/sqlstore/migrations` contains all migrations for SQL
databases, for all services (not including Grafana Enterprise).
Migrations are written per the [database.md](database.md) document.

#### API endpoints

> `pkg/api/api.go` contains the endpoint definitions for the entire
> Grafana HTTP API (not including Grafana Enterprise).

Reviewer: until then what about changing it to:
```suggestion
`pkg/api/api.go` contains the endpoint definitions for the most of
Grafana HTTP API (not including Grafana Enterprise).
```

  // ListCachedLetters cannot fail, and doesn't return an error.
  ListCachedLetters(context.Context, ListCachedLettersQuery) Letters
  // DeleteLetter doesn't have any return values other than errors, so it
  // returns only an error.
  DeleteLetter(context.Contxt, DeltaCommand) error
}

type Letter byte

type Letters []Letter

type GetLetterQuery struct {
  ID int
}

// Create queries/commands for methods even if they are empty.
type ListCachedLettersQuery struct {}

type DeleteLetterCommand struct {
  ID int
}

```

`pkg/services/alphabetical/alphabeticalimpl`

```
package alphabeticalimpl

// this name can be whatever, it's not supposed to be used from outside
// the service except for in Wire.
type Svc struct { … }

func ProviceSvc(numbers numerical.Numerical, db db.DB) Svc { … }

func (s *Svc) GetLetter(ctx context.Context, q root.GetLetterQuery) (root.Letter, error) { … }
func (s *Svc) ListCachedLetters(ctx context.Context, q root.ListCachedLettersQuery) root.Letters { … }
func (s *Svc) DeleteLetter(ctx context.Context, q root.DeleteLetterCommand) error { … }

type letterStore interface {
  Get(ctx.Context, id int) (root.Letter, error)

>   Delete(ctx.Context, root.DeleteLetterCommand) error

Author: Heh, getting away with not having that is why there's a "Cached" in the name of the List function 🙃
